Location -1
-1
You've reached Location -1, that way is blocked.
You've reached Location -1, that way is blocked.
END

Buttery
0
You are inside the Buttery. In front of you is the bustling hallway. You smell pizza, the most popular resort for students.
You are inside one of the busiest cafeterias of the UofT, the Buttery. It's usually packed at this time of the day, and today is no exception. In front of you, you notice that all of the tables are busy with students chatting. While looking around you notice a door that you haven't really seen before but decide to worry abput that later. In front of the cash register there is a long line of studnts. And the delicious smell of the Pizza Pizza pizzas coming from the food area is very tempting, I know. But you have to hurry up and go to your exam first. You can reward yourself with a pizza at the Buttery later.
END

Trinity
1
You are at the Trinity Quad. On your north, is the doors leading to the Buttery and on your east, there is another door and you can see people walking at the Philosopher's walk.
This place is called the "Trinity QUAD". A perfect shaped quadrangle which is a safe garden for Trinity residences at all times. You are facing north and ahead of you is a door that leads to outside to the Buttery, Trinity's cafeteria. On your west,there is another door and you can see people walking at the Philosopher's walk. When you look around you see a couple of announcement boards, the reception, and another purple colored door.
END

Queen's Park
2
You are in at the upper end of the Queens park. On your right, you can see the glorious EJ Pratt Library.
You are at the Queen's Park. Take a look around! People are walking their dogs, singing, kids are playing football, some squirrels are running around. Queen's park is a very lively meeting place for families to enjoy the grenery in a bustling city like Toronto. On your left, you see the Trinity College, daring people to pass by without taking a picture of the architecture. On your right, you see the EJ Pratt Library. And behind you is the iconic statue of the park. There are piles of leaves on the ground. You notice an empty door that leads to the construction area.
END

EJ Pratt
3
You are inside EJ Pratt. Almost all the desks are occupied with many students trying to finish their work. One of the empty desks has a couple of papers on it.
You are in the second floor of EJ Pratt. It's the finals season so, you can see many students cramming to do their last revision before their exam in the study area. However, there are still some students chatting and eating food in the corner. On your right you see the reception and on your left are the stairs which lead to other floors. You notice that some students are trying to open a door which seems to be locked.
END

Victoria
4
You are in the middle of Victoria College. On your west is the iconic castle-like Victoria College building.
You are standing in the middle of the field in front of the reddish Victoria College building. On your east you see the Burwash residence that looks like it came out of the Harry Potter books and students who are rushing to reach their classes. However, this time you also see a reddish door that you have not seen before. On your south is the EJ Pratt library that is always crowded at this hour of the day.
END

Exam Center
5
You are inside the Exam Center. Be quick! It's almost time for your exam.
You've arrived at the Exam Center. You see a crowd of anxious students all waiting to take their final exam and start their holiday. Some are trying to look at their notes one last time and some are trying to calm themselves down while looking at their phones. In front of you is the room that you are supposed to take your exam in. On your left you see extra notes that someone left and on your right are the washrooms.
END


Buttery
food:You see many food items in front of you including brownies, cookies, pizza... ;-
cash register:You see a long line of people waiting in front of the cash register. The number 1583 seems to be stuck on the pos machine ;-
table:You see a couple of empty looking tables that have some notebooks, bags, waterbottles, a key with the letter V written on it ;key V
door:You turns towards the corridor and see a door that you haven't seen before. It somehow seems magical.;-

Trinity
reception:You go towards the reception and see piles of papers, documents, brochures, a key with letter Q written on it, a pencil, and a card with scribbles on it. ;key Q
garden:You head towards the garden and see some empty benches with squirells, empty timbit bags, and coffee cups ;-
announcement board:You see announcements of upcoming events, clubs, and a small onject behing the board. ;t-card
door:On your right you see a door that you haven't seen before. It feels like its trying to invite you in! ;-

Queen's Park
squirrel:You see squirrels which seem to be tossing a familiar object to each other ;lucky pen
leaves:You see a bunch of leave piles ;-
statue:You go near the statue and see a small key with the letter B on it ;key B
door:You see a door leading to the construction. You suddenly feel the need to go there ;-

EJ Pratt
reception:You see the reception desk filled with books, papers, pens, a key with the letter T on it ;key T
stairs:You see the stairs which are blocked ;-
study area:You see some students studying, sleeping, talking with their friends, and a paper on one of the tables ;cheat sheet
door:Right in front of you is a weird looking door which resembles a donut the more you look at it ;-

Victoria
field:You see students playing frisbee, chatting, bunch of bags, papers on the ground in the corner of the field. ;-
victoria:You see a bell on the door, some posters, a key with the letter E on it on the ground, and a volleyball ;key E
burwash:You see some some empty benches, stray dogs, trash cans. ;-
door:You see a new door that you haven't seen before. It seems like your name is written on it ;-
